fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/cittadellarte.md

title: Cittadellarte
images:
  - src: zagabria.jpg
    alt: Overhead view of people gathered in white gallery space around central gathering area
  - src: naldini.jpg
    alt: Group of people seated and standing around tables in gallery with arched ceilings and columns
  - src: cittadelarte.jpg

>     alt: Black and white photograph of illuminated building at night with multiple arched windows and stone architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Black and white photograph of large illuminated building at night with stone architecture
```
